## 1. System Feasibility
Numerous types of inventory management systems exist for different businesses. One common purpose is that they regulate the stock that a company has on hand. Similarly, warehouses make use of warehouse management systems (WMS), which provide streamlined methods of tracking stock. Our system will share some similarities with said WMS because all core warehouse processes and goals remain the same. A few of these include barcode scanning for item arrivals/departures, real-time stock tracking with updates, and order management.
## 2. Technical Feasibility
The technical feasibility of this implementation will slightly differ depending on the existing system in a warehouse. Warehouses that already have a system in place will need to change their hardware to adapt to the new system. Subsequent changes are also needed to implement the software with the hardware. Since the warehouse in question has no systems in place, adding the required hardware and software will cause no conflicts, therefore being simpler. The system will make use of commonly used hardware such as barcode scanners. There are no specialized equipment needed. Software requirements will include familiar technologies for the web platform and application.
## 3. Economic Feasibility
The economic feasibility can be justified by low development costs, high financial benefits, and low operating expenses. Existing hardware such as smartphones, computers, and barcode scanners are used with open-source frameworks that reduce licensing fees. The system aims to improve the efficiency of tracking stock, which reduces employee workload and labor costs.
## 4. Operational Feasibility
The system's successful use by users can determine its operational feasibility. The user-friendly interface will be simple for admins and employees to use.  Users will need minimal training for a system that fits into existing workflows.
